[laughing]
My darkness will
swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] At long last,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Forming an alliance
with the Warlord, Law,
the Straw Hats capture
the evil scientist, Caesar,
and head to Dressrosa for
the next phase of their plan.
Their objective is to shut down
a man-made Devil Fruit factory.
But their travels
suffered a slight delay
when they fought
and defeated Breed,
who was hoping to get
hold of Caesar himself.
Look, there's a story
about Doflamingo.
It says here... he resigned!
[NEWS COO squawking]
Why would he quit
the Seven Warlords?
This is just insane!
What's going on here?
Beats me! I'm lost, too!
But his kingdom!
This can't be good!
[NARRATOR] And so, the tiny
ripples all over the world
became a tidal wave
before anyone noticed.
[MAN D]
This isn't funny!
We got an arms deal with
the Don Quixote family!
What happens now?
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A ringing]
I've been trying to call
the bastards all day,
but they won't pick up
the damned snail!
What should we do?
Wha--? What the hell can we do?
We're gonna die! That's what!
[GIRL crying]
[BONNEY PIRATE A]
Get a loada this!
Those rookies we ran into back
on Sabaody formed an alliance!
Aw, man. Whatever it is,
it can't be good!
[SUN PIRATE A] Doflamingo
resigned but it doesn't say why!
There's gotta be a catch!
Hurry! Contact everyone we know!
We're gonna get to the
bottom of this, damn it!
[KID PIRATE A] How did they find
out about our alliance so quick?
[KID PIRATE B]
Who's the reporter?
"Absa"? Never heard of him!
[KID PIRATE C]
Some freelancer.
He's gotten a ton
of scoops lately.
[KID] I'm not worried
about our alliance.
It's the other news
that troubles me.
Straw Hat and Trafalgar.
Bastards. So you're
lookin' to take on
one of the Emperors,
same as us, huh?
I wonder, which one're
you aiming for?
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL B ringing]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL B]
Click.
It's me. I resigned. Happy?
[USOPP]
He picked up!
[CHOPPER]
Finally!
[BROOK]
Great! Now what?
Mingo? Whoa!
[USOPP]
Shh!
Just leave this to Law!
Hello? This is
Monkey D. Luffy here!
And I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Damn it! You do this every time!
Hey! Mingo!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Hm?
Are you Caesar's boss?
'Cause that guy
really sucks, you know!
Sucks! He did bad stuff to kids!
We'll give him back,
since that's what we promised,
but if he does that again,
we'll kick his ass twice
as hard, and yours, too!
[DOFLAMINGO]
I have a question for you.
After your brother Ace died,
your crew disappeared
for two years.
What were you doing
all that time?
That's a secret! Or I'm keeping
it secret from you, at least!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[DOFLAMINGO] I've actually
been quite eager to see you.
I have something that
will interest you.
Something you'll
want very badly.
I'm quite certain.
Something I want?
Huh? Like what? I'm confused.
Like meat?
Some kind of amazing super meat
like I've never tasted before?
Cut it out! He's toying
with you, idiot!
[LUFFY] What if it's a whole
bunch of meat? A whole feast!
[USOPP]
Luffy! Pull yourself together!
Don't give him an inch!
Even if it is meat!
A hundred pieces of meat,
200 pieces of meat...
No meat! There is no meat!
Cut the crap. We're handing
over Caesar to you.
That was the deal.
No more, no less.
[DOFLAMINGO] Well, that's for
your own good as much as mine.
We both know what will happen
if you try to run away with him.
That won't be a happy
ending for anyone.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Now, if you don't mind,
I'd like to speak to my
business partner a moment.
I want to confirm
he's nice and safe.
Oh, Joker, I'm so very sorry!
You resigned from the Warlords
all because of me!
He's fine. See?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Yeah, full of energy.
We'll meet eight
hours from now.
On an island north of Dressrosa.
At the beach on the southeast
side of Green Bit.
We'll leave Caesar
waiting for you there
at three in the afternoon.
Pick him up
and this unpleasant business
will finally be over with.
[chuckles]
Don't say that.
I wish we could sit down
for a drink. Such a shame.
[LUFFY]
Hang up already!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL B]
Click.
[sighs] I'm sorry, guys.
He almost had me wrapped up
in his meat spell.
Yeah? Ya think?
Hey, wait!
We didn't specify how many
crewmates he can bring.
[CHOPPER, USOPP]
I don't get it.
Come on. Just think.
Doflamingo's a bigshot.
If he brings a whole army
to the meeting point,
then we're screwed, right?
[CHOPPER, USOPP]
No!
No. It's fine. Don't worry.
[gasps]
[LAW] Handing over Caesar
is just a distraction.
If it draws a ton
of his resources,
that might even benefit us.
So you mean...
If more people come
to the tradeoff,
then less people will be
guarding the SMILE factory?
[LAW] Yeah. The question is...
can we find the place?
[CHOPPER, USOPP]
You're kidding.
[LAW exhales]
Hey, man, no prob.
We're not looking for
a needle in a haystack,
we're looking for a factory.
It's guaranteed to be big.
Once we get there,
we'll find it super easy!
My lasers will take
care of the rest!
[USOPP, CHOPPER]
Lasers!
[LAW] Unfortunately,
I have intel on everything
but the factory.
No surprise, really.
Sounds like it's
their biggest asset.
We might need to think
outside the box.
[KIN'EMON]
Sir Law!
You said that we-we're
going to Greenbit,
but not the island
of Dressrosa itself?
That's most unfortunate!
We're still docking the ship
at Dressrosa. Just calm down.
[MOMONOSUKE, KIN'EMON sigh]
You have my gratitude.
What a relief!
A relief indeed!
Traffy, have you been to
this Dressnana place before?
What was it like?
[ROBIN]
"Dress-nana"?
[LAW] Dressrosa!
I've never been there.
Sorry. Doflamingo
owns the place.
No problem! It's fun!
We'll make things up as we go!
Heh! Just like I always do!
I bet Mingo Kingdom's
gonna be crazy!
After that, we should
swing by Wano, too!
Make things up?
If we're going in there blind,
we have to have a plan!
[LUFFY] Sanji, I'm hungry!
What's on the menu?
[SANJI]
Sandwiches.
[LUFFY] Didn't you say
something about meat?
[CHOPPER]
I want a cotton candy sandwich!
I'm fine with just a cup of tea.
[FRANKY]
Cola for me.
[BROOK laughs]
And milk for me.
[NAMI] You're missing out.
Sanji's sandwiches are the best.
[MOMONOSUKE] What is this
witch that you speak of?
[growls] Sorry,
but I don't like bread!
[gasps]
[KIN'EMON]
Alas, I cannot divulge
why we were being pursued.
However, I will say that
our original destination
was a place called "Zou."
Zou?
[KIN'EMON]
Huh? You know it, Sir Law?
That's a rather
convenient coincidence.
After I hand off Caesar, and
destroy the SMILE factory,
like we planned,
Zou was gonna be the
next stop on my trip.
Is that so? Truly?
Yeah. My crew's there.
They've been waiting.
[BROOK belches]
Rosa!
I-If so, would it be possible
to accompany you there
after our current mission?
Me, too! We'll all go to
Wano! That'll be cool!
Enough!
[KIN'EMON grunts]
Thank you! Thank you!
Uh, sure.
Sir Luffy, you have my
gratitude for all you've done!
And mine!
[LUFFY chuckles]
Hey, don't mention it!
Right, Traffy?
--[farts]
--[NAMI] Huh?
[BROOK]
Uhh...
Momonosuke and three brave
samurai, including myself,
were headed to Zou before our
ship was sadly destroyed.
I, Momonosuke and
another samurai,
managed to make it to Dressrosa.
Once there, we... we were
assaulted by Doflamingo
and his villainous troupe.
Panicked, I took refuge
on a ship, a dire mistake.
[MOMONOSUKE]
There, I met some children
being taken to Punk Hazard.
Soon, I shared in
their terrible fate,
though I had no idea what I
was in store for at the time.
--[MOMONOSUKE] Father!
--[KIN'EMON] Momonosuke! No!
Surrounded, and quite desperate
to follow the ship,
I relied on the brave assistance
of my fellow samurai, Kanjuro.
[KANJURO] Spare not a thought
for me! Protect Momonosuke!
[KIN'EMON sobs]
If not for his sacrifice,
then all would have been lost.
I simply cannot
leave him to die!
I must return to save him!
You're a real bro, Kanjuro!
Kanjuro!
Okay, we'll help you
save him! No prob!
That's enough! Stay focused!
Stick to our plan!
[CHOPPER, FRANKY, LUFFY]
Kanjuro!
[BABY 5] We're still waiting
for Master Trebol to arrive.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Very well.
[door creaking]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
The wait is over.
[BRANDNEW]
The Seven Warlords of the Sea.
That's why we're here today.
As you know, they are pirates
who are excused of their crimes
by order of the World
Government itself.
In return, they provide us
with two things:
overwhelming strength
and intimidation.
In other words,
although they may be
fearsome criminals,
the World Government weaponizes
their prowess to keep
other pirates in check.
First, the world's
greatest swordsman:
"Hawk-Eye" Dracule Mihawk.
[BRANDNEW]
The king of Dressrosa
and a devilish puppeteer:
"The Heavenly Demon,"
Don Quixote Doflamingo.
Now, the Navy's human weapon:
"The Tyrant," Bartholomew Kuma.
[BRANDNEW]
The ruler of Amazon Lily.
"Pirate Empress," Boa Hancock.
[BRANDNEW]
A member of the Worst Generation
and the mastermind behind
the Rocky Port Incident:
"The Surgeon of Death,"
Trafalgar Law.
And last, the founder
and Chief Commander
of the Pirate Dispatch
Organization--
a former crewmate of Roger,
whose fame continues to grow.
[BRANDNEW]
"The Genius Jester," Buggy!
[BUGGY]
What? You chumps didn't think
I had what it takes
to be a Warlord?
[laughing]
I guess that shows
what you know, huh?
Honestly, I didn't
even want the gig.
But they begged.
Crawling on their hands and
knees and everything!
Really! What could I say?
[BUGGY] But all of this
is merely the beginning.
'Cause once Captain Buggy
gets the ball rolling,
ain't no one gonna stop it.
Soon, it'll be "Emperor Buggy,"
then I am gonna be King of the--
All right, those six,
along with the other guy,
are Warlords.
At least, they were.
That changed this morning.
Rather unexpectedly.
We don't know why,
but Doflamingo quit.
Also, Law's under investigation.
It looks like we might have
to expel him from the group.
This is no good!
We need them to help
balance the power between
the Four Emperors and us!
[AKAINU] Don't worry, Brandnew.
We're all on the same page here.
[BRANDNEW]
Fleet Admiral!
[AKAINU] I'm not gonna
let Law and Straw Hat
make a mess of things
on my watch.
Besides, I already
had Smoker from G-5
screaming my ear off
in his last report.
That's when I said, "enough."
I sent in Fujitora.
[MAN F]
Your majesty!
[WOMAN A]
Please don't abandon us!
[MAN G]
Tell us it isn't true!
[MAN H] Say something, your
majesty, we're begging you!
[WOMAN B]
Just a word! Anything!
[BABY 5]
Master Trebol?
Hey! C'mon! Where are you?
Huh?
Have you seen him, Sugar?
Nuh-uh.
[BABY 5]
Darn it.
The young master
has a plan. I'm sure.
I just hope it involves
a lot of fight-een!
C'mon, Navy! Let's throw down!
Perhaps. It's pointless
to speculate now.
[BABY 5]
Master Trebol? Hello?
[TREBOL]
Oh! Hey, Baby 5! Looking for me?
Uh? What are you doing up there?
Wow! That crowd, they look mad!
Yeah. I bet the whole
world's goin' crazy!
Hey, hey!
So, I heard the news!
You got a fiancé!
Or you got him killed at least!
[TREBOL laughs]
[BABY 5] Ugh. Haven't you ever
heard of personal space?
Jeez, you're so annoying.
Annoying. But... Eh?
Annoying but what? Hey? What?
But... you like me? Is that it?
[BABY 5]
Would you drop this already?
The Young Master
was calling you.
[TREBOL]
Why, whatever for?
[BABY 5] He wants you to bring
the thing. Now please, go away.
[TREBOL]
Hey, hey, hey.
You gotta pick
your fiancés better,
or Doffy's just gonna
keep killing them!
But you know who Doffy
doesn't want to kill?
Me! And you know who's single
and would make a
good husband? Also me!
[BABY 5 gasping]
[laughs]
[BABY 5 groaning]
[TREBOL]
Just yankin' yer chain!
[laughs]
[BABY 5] If you really
need me... I don't mind.
[ALL]
Stop that!
[DOFLAMINGO] The Colosseum
is packed, as usual.
Thanks for your
hard work, Diamante.
[DIAMANTE]
The credit is all yours, Doffy.
This country owes everything
to its beloved king.
"Beloved"? They're quite
fond of you, too.
[DIAMANTE] Stop, you make
it sound like I'm the hero
of the Colosseum.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Enough with the modesty.
That's exactly what you are.
[DIAMANTE]
No, no, I'm nothing of the sort.
Fine then. You're not.
All right, I'm a hero,
guilty as charged!
A hero, fearless and invincible,
but you didn't hear me say that!
[TREBOL]
Hey, hey, hey.
I brought the thing you
asked for! Doffy. Doffy.
You're too close.
Too close, but what?
But I like it. Now, sit.
[TREBOL laughs]
When Straw Hat
finds out about this,
he'll do anything to get it.
Then, he'll be mine to control.
And his new friend Law will
be dragged down with him.
Diamante. I'm going
to entrust this to you.
[DIAMANTE] I couldn't possibly.
It's far too important.
It's fine. You'll know
exactly what to do.
[DIAMANTE] Stop, you're
making me sound like
some kind of genius!
Yes. I can only entrust
this to a genius like you.
[DIAMANTE]
No, no, I'm nothing of the sort.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Fine then. You're not.
All right, fine, I'm a genius,
guilty as charged!
A genius that will dispose
of that fool Straw Hat,
but you didn't hear me
say it, okay?
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Don't worry, genius.
He won't be able
to resist this one.
[DOFLAMINGO] The source of
his late brother's power.
The Flame Flame Fruit.
[DOFLAMINGO]
He won't dare let anyone
get their hands on this thing.
[DOFLAMINGO laughing]
[ROBIN]
I see an island up ahead!
[USOPP, NAMI grunt]
[LUFFY laughs]
Ah! You're right!
[NARRATOR] Looming on the
horizon is their destination.
[FRANKY]
Heh!
Ha, ha! Those rocks!
Look! They're huge!
[LUFFY]
Dressrosa, here we come!
Hey, would you keep it down?
Doflamingo's gonna hear you!
Not likely.
[BOTH] Worry not!
We're coming, Kanjuro!
[NARRATOR] Known as a land
of love and passion,
this is Dressrosa.
[LUFFY laughs]
Hope you're ready for us, Mingo!
[NARRATOR]
While Doflamingo's latest move
throws everything
into further disarray,
the Sunny and its crew
reaches Dressrosa's shores.
It doesn't take long before they
encounter a mesmerizing dancer,
a formidable stranger,
as well as the island's
unusual occupants.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Explore! A Kingdom of Love
and Passion--Dressrosa!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!